Minimal 9slice border-image support (#4594)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/builtins/elements.md

-   **`colorize`** (_in_ _brush_): When set, the image is used as an alpha mask and is drawn in the given color (or with the gradient).
-   **`horizontal-alignment`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageHorizontalAlignment`](enums.md#imagehorizontalalignment)_): The horizontal alignment of the image within the element.

> -   **`image-fit`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageFit`](enums.md#imagefit)_): Specifies how the source image shall be fit into the image element. Do not have effect with 9 slice scaling images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`image-fit`** (_in_ _enum [`ImageFit`](enums.md#imagefit)_): Specifies how the source image shall be fit into the image element. Does not have any effect when used with 9 slice scaling images.
```

}
```

> Esample using 9slice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example using 9slice:
```
